[FISH-1423] Disable escaping events in Asadmin CLI documentation (#157)
payara/Payara-Enterprise-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/payara-server/asadmin-commands/Enable-JLine-Event-Expansion.adoc

= Enable JLine Event Expansion

> Enable this feature if you would like to use the Event Designators inside the Asadmin Multimode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature enables using the Event Designators inside the Asadmin Multimode. 
```

> An Event Designator is a reference to a command line entry in the history list.

Reviewer: We can add a link for more info about event expansion:
```suggestion
An [Event Designator](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Event-Designators.html) is a reference to a command line entry in the history list.
```
I wanted to suggest this also for the community PR but forgot. I'll do the change in the community docs myself.

This is disabled by default. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If this feature is enabled, all `\` characters are treated as escape characters and they are removed before running the command. If you need to pass `\` into an asadmin command, you need to escape it and turn it into `\\`. This needs to be done even if you enclose the string in quotes.

```

= Enable JLine Event Expansion

This feature enables using the Event Designators inside the Asadmin Multimode. 

An https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Event-Designators.html[Event Designator] is a reference to a command line entry in the history list.

This is enabled by default. 

> NOTE: If this feature is enabled, all `\` characters are treated as escape characters and they are removed before running the command. If you need to pass `\` into an asadmin command, you need to escape it and turn it into `\\`. This needs to be done even if you enclose the string in quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

NOTE: If this feature is enabled, all `\` characters are treated as escape characters and they are removed before running the command. If you need to pass `\` into an asadmin command, you need to escape it and turn it into `\\`. This needs to be done even if you enclose the string in quotes.
```
